Update configure-worker-queues.md (#2917)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-worker-queues.md

    The Airflow components of your Deployment automatically restart to apply the updated resource allocations. This action is equivalent to deploying code to your Deployment and does not impact running tasks that have 24 hours to complete before running workers are terminated. See [What happens during a code deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).

:::tip Update Airflow Pool

> When the corresponding Airflow Pool does not align with the configured worker queue, you may see tasks getting stuck. Make sure to update Airflow Pools accordingly to the changes in potential maximum task concurrency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see tasks getting stuck, it might be because the worker queue configuration doesn't align with the Airflow Pool, a component that allows you to control the number of certain parallel tasks. Make sure to update your Airflow Pools to match the changes in potential maximum task concurrency caused by changes to the worker queue. 
```

Needed to address two things here, based on the assumption of a user that's still getting oriented to 
1. We don't mention Airflow Pools until this tip, so I wanted to add a very brief, high level definition that also introduces the concept of parallelism (a term we use later).

2. We've got a couple of style and voice guidelines about that first sentence structure - does this change look okay?

Reviewer: Looks awesome. will add this change and get this merged!

> For more information on limited parallelism, see [Airflow Pools](learn/airflow-pools).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on limited parallelism, see [Airflow Pools](https://docs.astronomer.io/learn/airflow-pools).
```

Links between Astro and Learn can be a little quirky about when we need the full hyperlink vs a relative link I found another broken link on this page I'll add a fix for.
